1. He's a war-weary native American sorceror for the 21st century.
2. He's an uncontrollable day-dreaming librarian 
3. He's a one-legged hunchbacked card sharp from the 'hood.
4. He's a short-sighted soccer-playing dwarf haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
5. He's a lounge-singing vegetarian househusband haunted by memories of 'Nam.
6. He's a bookish Republican gentleman spy trapped in a world he never made.
7. He's a genetically engineered one-eyed cyborg in drag.
8. He's an obese shark-wrestling matador who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
9. He's a jaded umbrella-wielding cop haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
10. He's a scrappy playboy rock star on the run.
11. He's an obese coffee-fuelled farmboy in a wheelchair.
12. He's a gun-slinging playboy assassin moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
13. He's an old-fashioned one-eyed waffle chef from a doomed world.
14. He's a witless soccer-playing romance novelist with nothing left to lose.
15. He's a globe-trotting white trash Green Beret with a passion for fast cars.
16. He's an underprivileged devious barbarian haunted by memories of 'Nam.
17. He's a suave ninja cat burglar on the edge.
18. He's a time-tossed sweet-toothed librarian on a mission from God.
19. He's a jaded ninja rock star who dotes on his loving old ma.
20. He's a deeply religious shark-wrestling grifter with a passion for fast cars.
21. He's a gun-slinging coffee-fuelled cop who believes he can never love again.
22. He's a benighted amnesiac shaman trapped in a world he never made.
23. He's an underprivileged skateboarding barbarian whom everyone believes is mad.
24. He's an underprivileged umbrella-wielding vagrant for the 21st century.
25. He's a war-weary hunchbacked jungle king with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
26. He's a suicidal day-dreaming senator on the edge.
27. He's an oversexed drug-addicted dog-catcher on a mission from God.
28. He's a short-sighted devious gentleman spy gone bad.
29. He's a jaded Republican sorceror who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
30. He's a bookish amnesiac vagrant on the edge.
31. He's a world-famous devious ex-con moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
32. He's a one-legged sweet-toothed househusband who hangs with the wrong crowd.
33. He's an impetuous small-town librarian who believes he can never love again.
34. He's a witless moralistic househusband on the wrong side of the law.
35. He's a witless zombie cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
36. He's an underprivileged Catholic sorceror fleeing from a secret government programme.
37. He's a time-tossed one-eyed hairdresser in drag.
38. He's an unconventional chivalrous waffle chef possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
39. He's a one-legged neurotic vampire hunter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
40. He's a one-legged gay ex-con haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
41. He's a lonely small-town paramedic from a doomed world.
42. He's a leather-clad hunchbacked cat burglar looking for 'the Big One.'
43. He's a scrappy Jewish Green Beret with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
44. He's a lounge-singing devious romance novelist with no name.
45. He's a suicidal guerilla shaman who must take medication to keep him sane.
46. He's an unconventional crooked gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
47. He's an obese white trash paramedic who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
48. He's a suave chivalrous astronaut who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
49. He's a shy one-eyed dog-catcher looking for 'the Big One.'
50. He's a shy bohemian sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
