1. She's a violent communist opera singer with an incredible destiny
2. She's a vivacious nymphomaniac bounty hunter on the trail of a serial killer
3. She's a disco-crazy psychic research scientist with the power to bend men's minds
4. She's a plucky red-headed Valkyrie who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
5. She's a chain-smoking wisecracking cab driver operating on the wrong side of the law
6. She's a time-travelling mute journalist trying to make a difference in a man's world
7. She's a psychotic bisexual schoolgirl with a knack for trouble
8. She's a sarcastic winged advertising executive living homeless in New York's sewers
9. She's a disco-crazy red-headed schoolgirl from a family of eight older brothers
10. She's a brilliant nymphomaniac detective living on borrowed time
11. She's an enchanted red-headed mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior
12. She's a psychotic tomboy socialite with the power to see death
13. She's a violent out-of-work lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law
14. She's a transdimensional bisexual nun fleeing from a Satanic cult
15. She's a virginal African-American schoolgirl from Mars
16. She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed stripper with an MBA from Harvard
17. She's a tortured tomboy widow from beyond the grav
18. She's a supernatural gypsy socialite operating on the wrong side of the law
19. She's a high-kicking French-Canadian opera singer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
20. She's an orphaned snooty schoolgirl in the witness protection scheme
21. She's a scantily clad snooty museum curator looking for love in all the wrong places
22. She's an artistic wisecracking pearl diver with only herself to blame
23. She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed archaeologist with a knack for trouble
24. She's a bloodthirsty antique-collecting snake charmer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
25. She's a blind goth research scientist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
26. She's a mistrustful nymphomaniac journalist with someone else's memories
27. She's a brilliant thirtysomething bodyguard from a different time and place
28. She's an artistic punk vampire with a knack for trouble
29. She's an elegant psychic lawyer from the wrong side of the tracks
30. She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist wrestler married to the Mob
31. She's a supernatural punk barmaid with an evil twin sister
32. She's a cynical Buddhist widow with an MBA from Harvard
33. She's a high-kicking Buddhist angel with an incredible destiny
34. She's an orphaned insomniac nun living homeless in New York's sewers
35. She's a radical green-skinned socialite who can talk to animals
36. She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac magician's assistant prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
37. She's a wealthy tempestuous magician's assistant with a knack for trouble
38. She's a manipulative out-of-work Hell's Angel from a different time and place
39. She's a disco-crazy African-American doctor operating on the wrong side of the law
40. She's a cynical foul-mouthed mechanic with an incredible destiny
41. She's a virginal impetuous opera singer with only herself to blame
42. She's a sarcastic wisecracking college professor with only herself to blame
43. She's a mistrustful goth mechanic from a family of eight older brothers
44. She's an artistic snooty femme fatale with the power to bend men's minds
45. She's a tortured paranoid bounty hunter from a different time and place
46. She's a chain-smoking foul-mouthed opera singer in the wrong place at the wrong time
47. She's a beautiful punk magician's assistant descended from a line of powerful witches
48. She's a tortured hypochondriac advertising executive on the trail of a serial killer
49. She's an artistic winged socialite on the trail of a serial killer
50. She's a chain-smoking communist bodyguard who can talk to animals
